Pull Request Comments (#55)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/pull-request-comments.md

# Pull Request Comments

Private Packagist pull request comments help you review dependency changes in your VCS repositories. Every time a
composer.lock file changes in one of your repositories, we comment on the pull request with a human-readable summary,

> links to diffs and changelogs for you to review. Pull request comments are available for synchronizations with
> GitHub (Enterprise), GitLab and Bitbucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
links to diffs and changelogs for you to review. Pull request comments are available for synchronizations with
GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket as well as GitHub Enterprise, and self-managed GitLab.
```

> We detect two kinds of changes:
> * Packages that are added, removed or where the version changed
> * Packages with important metadata changes, like changes to the source or dist URL or if the reference changes for a tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We detect two kinds of changes:
* Package changes: Additions, removals, upgrades, and downgrades
* Important metadata changes: Changes to the source or dist download URLs or if the commit reference changes for an otherwise unmodified version number
```
